README.md, before:

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-%23FE5196?logo=conventionalcommits&logoColor=white)](https://conventionalcommits.org)
[![Semantic Versioning](https://img.shields.io/badge/semver-2.0.0-green)](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)

# graphdoc
Automating the generation of subgraph documentation through the utilization of Large Language Models.

## Development

We utilize [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) for dependency management. Please run `poetry install` to install the dependencies from within the relevant directory (e.g. `graphdoc` or `mlflow-manager`). You can also run `poetry shell` to activate the virtual environment. Please see the [poetry documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) for more information.

We utilize [commitizen](https://commitizen-tools.github.io/commitizen/) for commit messages and semantic versioning. Please run `cz commit` to commit your changes. Commitizen can be installed with `pip install commitizen` or `brew install commitizen`.

Here are some quick commands for getting started:

```bash 
brew add poetry
brew add commitizen
```

```bash 
cd graphdoc
poetry install 

cd ../mlflow-manager
poetry install 
```

### run.sh

The `run.sh` script is a convenience script for development. It provides a few shortcuts for running useful commands.

```bash 
# ensure that the script is executable
chmod +x run.sh

# install both packages in development mode
./run.sh dev
```

### python 

We utilize `python==3.13.0` for this project. Please see the [python documentation](https://www.python.org/downloads/) for more information. We recommend using [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) to install python.

Below, we include some useful commands for installing python using pyenv.

```bash 
# install pyenv
brew install pyenv

# install python 3.13.0
pyenv install 3.13.0

# set the python version
pyenv local 3.13.0

# check the python version
python --version
```

There is a chance that your system may have python allocated under the name `python3`. If this is the case, the following commands may help resolve the `python` namespace to your `python3` installation.

```bash 
# export the pyenv path
export PYENV_ROOT="$HOME/.pyenv"
[[ -d $PYENV_ROOT/bin ]] && export PATH="$PYENV_ROOT/bin:$PATH"
eval "$(pyenv init -)"

# reload the shell
source ~/.zshrc

# check the versions
python --version  # Should show 3.13.0
which python  # Should show ~/.pyenv/shims/python
```

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs: update readme to include mlflow build command

README.md, after:

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-%23FE5196?logo=conventionalcommits&logoColor=white)](https://conventionalcommits.org)
[![Semantic Versioning](https://img.shields.io/badge/semver-2.0.0-green)](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)

# graphdoc
Automating the generation of subgraph documentation through the utilization of Large Language Models.

## Development

We utilize [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) for dependency management. Please run `poetry install` to install the dependencies from within the relevant directory (e.g. `graphdoc` or `mlflow-manager`). You can also run `poetry shell` to activate the virtual environment. Please see the [poetry documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) for more information.

We utilize [commitizen](https://commitizen-tools.github.io/commitizen/) for commit messages and semantic versioning. Please run `cz commit` to commit your changes. Commitizen can be installed with `pip install commitizen` or `brew install commitizen`.

Here are some quick commands for getting started:

```bash 
brew add poetry
brew add commitizen
```

```bash 
cd graphdoc
poetry install 

cd ../mlflow-manager
poetry install 
```

### run.sh

The `run.sh` script is a convenience script for development. It provides a few shortcuts for running useful commands.

```bash 
# ensure that the script is executable
chmod +x run.sh

# install both packages in development mode
./run.sh dev
```

To setup the mlflow-manager services, run the following command:

```bash 
./run.sh mlflow-setup
```

### python 

We utilize `python==3.13.0` for this project. Please see the [python documentation](https://www.python.org/downloads/) for more information. We recommend using [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) to install python.

Below, we include some useful commands for installing python using pyenv.

```bash 
# install pyenv
brew install pyenv

# install python 3.13.0
pyenv install 3.13.0

# set the python version
pyenv local 3.13.0

# check the python version
python --version
```

There is a chance that your system may have python allocated under the name `python3`. If this is the case, the following commands may help resolve the `python` namespace to your `python3` installation.

```bash 
# export the pyenv path
export PYENV_ROOT="$HOME/.pyenv"
[[ -d $PYENV_ROOT/bin ]] && export PATH="$PYENV_ROOT/bin:$PATH"
eval "$(pyenv init -)"

# reload the shell
source ~/.zshrc

# check the versions
python --version  # Should show 3.13.0
which python  # Should show ~/.pyenv/shims/python
```

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](LICENSE).
